[music]
Hi guys, in this storm I show you the
fast way how to can how how you can
generate and import high quality height
maps in the Unreal Engine 5.7.
Okay, let's go. Okay, first thing first,
open the editor. Create
new project.
The selected person. Hit create the
project.
After that go to file, select new level.
Choose basic level.
Delete this.
Now let's go here. Save on. Rename the
the levels
LV01.
After that, let's go right here.
Selection mode. Choose landscape mode.
Okay. Import from file. Now want to
generate landscape.
What you need to do this is to go to
this website. You can get the link in
the description.
You can choose any height mod from the
word.
Tap the latitude and longitude right
here.
And the output width and output height.
Okay. For the output heat and width we
can get from here. Okay. for me is it's
on
val
if you want you can change for me I
won't set it for the moment like this
uh okay after that uh you can generate
head map or albido like this for map
preview type you can choose any
map from those
for example Let's choose this one.
Yeah, let's choose this canon.
I think it's fine.
Okay, now let's generate height map.
I think it's done. Okay, this is my
height map. Let's add it to the engine.
Import from file height map file.
This is the fest way fest this
is fast way to this do this. Okay, let's
go here
and let's make the perview right here in
this.
Change the speed of the camera.
At first look, it looks like like this.
And let's see.
Okay, it's fine. But there is a problem
with that. Let's fix this
with the height of the Z-axis.
Let's return to the landscape. Uh,
sorry. Select this.
Delete this and skip by pressing delete.
Go here.
And now
let's choose this one
50 for example.
And let's see.
Not this.
50. It important.
Let's delete
this one. 50.
Okay. 100.
100.
Okay. Fine.
The scaling is fine. Okay. You must
change the Z-axis only.
Okay, let's see
what is the difference between us. Okay,
I think it's fine. Okay, thank you guys
for watching this all for this tutorial.
Subscribe for the channel for more
useful tutorial like this.
And you can
Okay, bye.